Yeah. It's great to have a packed room here. Really good to see you all. Yeah. Welcome
again. Welcome to the Railways and Open Transport Deaf Room. We want to show you today something
what we are working on, what you are working on, what we all are working on. And the co-organizers
of this Deaf Room Army. I am Cornelius Schumacher. I am working for Deutsche Bahn. I am in the
open source community for a long time and I am really happy to expand my horizon here.
So, Max Mehl, who is also on the picture here, he can be here with us. Some of you might
know him. Yeah. But, Mahalia is here. So, please introduce yourself. Thank you, Cornelius.
Yeah. My name is Mahalia Stefan. I am from SBB, the Swiss Federal Railways and I am responsible
for digitalization and for the business driven open source projects we are just going to
explore. Hi. My name is Simon Clavier. I am from the French Railway S&CF. I am trying
to spread open source in the group for 10 years now. This is a good result so far. I
am very happy to be there and I am very happy to meet you. Yeah. So, just a few introductory
words, introductory slides to set the stage for what we are doing today. We already showed
you we are coming from train companies and we met basically in an initiative to create
an open rail foundation. So, and space for railway companies or companies, organizations
in the railway sector to collaborate via open source to work on open source. That is a missing
piece yet. There is nothing like that yet and we are building that. So, we are really
happy to do that. It is not done yet. So, we are in the process of creating it but it
will be there soon. There is a website. You see the URL on the slide. There is some more
information. The idea is to really spread open source in the railway and that is where
we all personally stand behind and what we want to spread and hopefully some of you who
are related to this topic as well join us in this effort. While we are doing that, of
course, the core of that is the openness, being open, doing open source software. That
is why we are all here. That is why an event like FOSSTEM is happening. For us, it is a
little bit more than just the open source license. It is also about an open collaboration
model. So, having open governance and for the open rail foundation specifically, of
course, the goal is to enable open collaboration in the railway sector. But we do not want
to stop at railways. That is also because transport is more than just going on a train.
We also have to get through the train and everything. So, open transport expands the
domain. Also, topic-wise, the main topic today is open source software. But of course, also
open data, open APIs, they are very important in this space as well. So, this all comes
together in a bigger picture. We do want to talk about more than just railways. We also
want to cover public transport, basically, but want to be open. Because in the end, it
is about the future of mobility. How do we move around? And how do we do that, in a way,
which does not destroy the planet? So, I think that is one of the underlying motivations
for many of us. It is about sustainable transport. It is about creating the means of transportation,
which will serve us for the next decades and millennia and whatever. We cannot do that
alone, of course. That is why we do it together and we want to create things together. That
is why we built the open rail foundation. That is why we do something like the step
room. I hope we can get into contact with many people, that we can build bridges, that
maybe some of the bubbles we are all in, we can connect. And we also would like to follow
up with you later. So, if you need anything, if you want to continue a discussion, we are
happy to try to facilitate that. We do not have a channel for that yet, but we will create
one if there is interest and also support that. So, we want to create together, do open
source together, bring the openness into the railway, into the transport sector, continue
with what is happening there, support the people who are there. And that is why we are
here. And we are not alone. We have a great lineup of speakers. A lot of interesting presentations
and the problem is pretty packed. So, I am really excited to see what is happening today
and that we see a lot of interesting content. Thanks for being here. I think we will dive
in right into the content and start with the first presentation. So, please join me here
on the stage and we just switch over the laptops and then we can start with the first presentation.